The answers to these questions will provide a summary describing your groups idea for a project, why your group picked it, and how you picked it. 

Assign each team member a few of the following questions to answer. Each team member should have at least two questions that they answer.

Make sure you make a commit note describing what you are adding or changing each time you commit to the document.

Questions:

1. What is your project idea (as decided by your team and approved by your teacher)?
CHS athletics page. A place where you can see all sports, rosters, and events for Cumberland Highschool

2. What what kind of web site is it (Community, Existing Industry, Startup)?
It is a community website.

3. What problem does your project solve?
The current CHS athletics website is outdated, hard to find, and could be optimized in terms of user ability.

4. Is it a “vitamin” or a “painkiller”? Why?
Mainly a painkiller in terms of accessing the schedules, but vitamins for user freindlier website, images, etc.

5. How does your project solve the problem?
It makes a new revamped website with a ton of more user friendly things.

6. Is your idea similar to another product? If so, how is your idea better/different (what is your “secret sauce” as described in the video)?
Yes it is similar to an already existing website that is a CHS Athletics schedule

7. Describe the likely users of your web site.
Athletes of CHS, fans of CHS sports teams, parents who want to know times of games

8. Is the idea simple as described in the How To Choose Business Ideas video?
Yes, it is explainable easily.

9. Is your idea in a growing market or mature market (see video on Growing Markets)?


10. How did you come up with this idea? Describe the process.


11. What other ideas were candidates?
A CHS Music Department Website
School Lunch voting Website.

12. Why did you pick this idea over the other candidates?
It was chosen through a democratic vote in the group. The mayority of the votes were given to the CHS Athletics website. 
